The third prince is above
Three days ago, the young master of the county sent a message that the demon ghost will enter
Although Xiaguan workshops in time
However, the magic of ghosts only increases
So far
I sacrificed a thousand soldiers and 9,000 strong men in a few jin
However, the Third Prince should not worry
I survived the strong man
All are willing to serve the country
I will write about a group of Lao You who cannot leave
Stay safe and go
Use fire to make firewood
Buy some time for Shangjing
Shame on the Third Prince
The lower official is ashamed
Hope the emperor and the third prince
Can settle the people of Enron County
Lend them into town
Xiaguan is inadvertently grateful
Father Emperor
The sheriff
And finally.
Fill the city with fire, oil, firewood and other things
Write about a group of young and old
Bait
Finally, enter the city with 100,000 ghosts
Divided into martyrdom
So
Forgive my son's incompetence
I really can't put the experience in the pointless brotherhood
Power struggle to kill
And the minister retires